README.md, before:

# [WC Marketplace](wc-marketplace.com)
WC Marketplace is the fastest growing multi-store marketplace plugin for WooCommerce.

WCMp: Welcome, this is Riley, your WCMp virtual guide. I’m here to help you know better about WC Marketplace as plugin and as organization. In it’s core, WCMp is a WooCommerce based multi vendor solution engineered to address all your marketplace needs. Try and fall in love with WCMp, yes it’s that simple ☺
```
Critical update notice 2.6 (minimum requirement WooCommerce 3.0) –
A lot has changed in the admin dashboard. Now everything you need, gets one step closer. Learn more.
```
You: [In your mind – “Ahem. Really?”] All plugin makers say that. What makes you different from others?
Riley: I can understand your doubt, but users’ reviews are here to back our statement. If you go with the stat, more than 96% users rated us 5/5.

You: Now that’s an impressive figure!

Riley: Thanks. WCMp is not just “another plugin”. It’s a rock-solid product backed with super-duper support. And the best part, its Free!

You: So that’s what everybody says initially. And then they offer “Pro” or “Premium” version when you look for obvious features. Riley, I have seen enough of these free traps before!

Riley: Well, we don’t have any “pro” or “premium” versions of our marketplace plugin. WCMp is free and always will be.

You: [ In disbelief ] It is free and yet “useful”, that’s what you are selling me!

Riley: Don’t take my word for it, checkout our exhaustive, have-it-all feature list. You will be surprised to find out what other multivendor plugins offer in pro or premium, WC Marketplace has all of them covered.
```
Take a step forward and try our [demo](http://wcmpdemos.com/addon/WCMp/my-account/).
```
You: [In your mind- “There should be a catch or a hidden cost. Let me dig more.” ] Well your plugin looks promising. But, I wonder, why this charity?

Riley: No question of charity. We provide paid customization services for marketplace owners to meet their specific business goals. Also, we have categorized our bouquet of features under necessity and extras. So if marketplaces need these nice-to-have extras, we have add-ons for them. But you will always have your fully functional multi vendor store with or without them. Check out our add-ons.

You: [Got ya!] So, you have just tweaked the game in your favor. Others offer “pro” and you have your own bagful of paid “add-ons”. Right?

Riley: Nope. These add-ons are completely optional and some of them are even free. We keep these features outside of core plugin to make marketplace owner’s life simple, without overloading them with unnecessary features/settings. If you don’t need them why bother.
```
Our most popular addons
```
You: [Still sceptical] But, pro version is not just about features. They also include friendly support, prompt reply, and quick resolution. What about that?

Riley: On business days, we provide 12 hour turnaround time to reply every query, even in our busiest schedule. All you need to do is to reach us either via our support forum, WordPress.org or Github.

You: Bravo!!! My expectations are reaching new heights. Are you sure you can meet them?

Riley: Be assured, we will be there for you. A smile, a few kind words that’s what keep us going.

You: Riley, it was a great conversation. Thanks for your time!

Riley: Same here. Have a nice day.

Commit message:

Vendor wise shipping modules added

README.md, after:

# [WC Marketplace](wc-marketplace.com)
```
This project ( Vendor wise shipping modules ) is in active development and beta release for WCMp next version.
For better debugging, it's also recommended you add define( 'SCRIPT_DEBUG', true ); to your wp-config.
```
WC Marketplace is the fastest growing multi-store marketplace plugin for WooCommerce.

WCMp: Welcome, this is Riley, your WCMp virtual guide. I’m here to help you know better about WC Marketplace as plugin and as organization. In it’s core, WCMp is a WooCommerce based multi vendor solution engineered to address all your marketplace needs. Try and fall in love with WCMp, yes it’s that simple ☺

You: [In your mind – “Ahem. Really?”] All plugin makers say that. What makes you different from others?
Riley: I can understand your doubt, but users’ reviews are here to back our statement. If you go with the stat, more than 96% users rated us 5/5.

You: Now that’s an impressive figure!

Riley: Thanks. WCMp is not just “another plugin”. It’s a rock-solid product backed with super-duper support. And the best part, its Free!

You: So that’s what everybody says initially. And then they offer “Pro” or “Premium” version when you look for obvious features. Riley, I have seen enough of these free traps before!

Riley: Well, we don’t have any “pro” or “premium” versions of our marketplace plugin. WCMp is free and always will be.

You: [ In disbelief ] It is free and yet “useful”, that’s what you are selling me!

Riley: Don’t take my word for it, checkout our exhaustive, have-it-all feature list. You will be surprised to find out what other multivendor plugins offer in pro or premium, WC Marketplace has all of them covered.
```
Take a step forward and try our [demo](http://wcmpdemos.com/addon/WCMp/my-account/).
```
You: [In your mind- “There should be a catch or a hidden cost. Let me dig more.” ] Well your plugin looks promising. But, I wonder, why this charity?

Riley: No question of charity. We provide paid customization services for marketplace owners to meet their specific business goals. Also, we have categorized our bouquet of features under necessity and extras. So if marketplaces need these nice-to-have extras, we have add-ons for them. But you will always have your fully functional multi vendor store with or without them. Check out our add-ons.

You: [Got ya!] So, you have just tweaked the game in your favor. Others offer “pro” and you have your own bagful of paid “add-ons”. Right?

Riley: Nope. These add-ons are completely optional and some of them are even free. We keep these features outside of core plugin to make marketplace owner’s life simple, without overloading them with unnecessary features/settings. If you don’t need them why bother.
```
Our most popular addons
```
You: [Still sceptical] But, pro version is not just about features. They also include friendly support, prompt reply, and quick resolution. What about that?

Riley: On business days, we provide 12 hour turnaround time to reply every query, even in our busiest schedule. All you need to do is to reach us either via our support forum, WordPress.org or Github.

You: Bravo!!! My expectations are reaching new heights. Are you sure you can meet them?

Riley: Be assured, we will be there for you. A smile, a few kind words that’s what keep us going.

You: Riley, it was a great conversation. Thanks for your time!

Riley: Same here. Have a nice day.
